Hahahaha...
So
Atticus Finch is so cool.
And i'm hi- I'm ,I'm his supporter
I miss em all.Hahaha
Hahaha
Huhhh
Haha.. Yeahh
Wasn't it black and white? the movie
(***)
No, I was just wondering.
Hahaha..
Hahaha
Hahaha...
What? Haha I said I love Atticus too.
they like ..Haha
Haha.. I can't .who is- , stop!
The giver.
(***)(***)
It's only the guy and the guy. you know?
There's a boy and there's an old man. There's no one else.
Huh.. No, just one. There's no woman in there.
Oh yeahh
Haahaa
I love Toni Morrison.
Leave my bag. Toni Morrison?
That's a woman! Toni Morrison
See,You're not a feminist ,You're not a feminist you don't know Toni Morrison
she's a female author, she's a woman. She lo-
The bluest eye?
The bluest- the bluest eye
It was life changing. It changed the history of American literature.
True.(***)
I haven't read it. I watched a brain pop on her.
I watched the brain pop on her. Hello
no it's it's in,ah english- i'm reading her book right now
Wait, you go into Perez and you look at all the posters. Malala?
The next comes Toni Morrison .Yeah, the author ?
Toni Morrison?
No. What ,what  presentation?
Yeah, There's, there's posters up there, no?, of all the women.
Yeah.
There's Malala, then there's Tony Morrison. See, she doesn't know. She's not a fan.
Hah..See Malala-
Malala, Toni Morrison
Equal rights amendment who struck it down. It was a woman
Yeah,it was a woman.So-
No ,i'm just pointing out that women cannot (***)
Don't
It's been a while since April .Hahaha
Haahaahaa..
Haha.....Ahhmm.
That's not valid.Oh (***)
They're both authors.
I'm pretty sure she wrote it. She wrote it.
Haahaahaa..
Wait, how can she be racist when she can't see skin color?
Shheee...
Hhahaha
(***)Can you be racist with Britian?
Like, can it be like
Ohhhh..
Hahaha..
Interesting. Hahaha
About what? It (***) racist?
Hahaha....Yo wow! That's ok.